- [Narrator] So let's look at Interceptors in Spring MVC
we see how they look like.
They're Implementations of the HandlerInterceptorAdapter
and they have three methods.
PreHandle, postHandle and afterCompletion.
So as each of the name suggests preHandle is the one
that will be invoked as a part of a pre-processing
of the requests, that is before your controller is called.
PostHandle will be called as a part of post processing
which is after the controller execution is completed
and the control comes back to the interceptor.
After completion method on the other hand,
will be called when the response is already committed
to the client,
which means when you have your GSP rendered on the browser,
that's the point where afterCompletion will get called.
Now, there's a host of built-in interceptors
that Spring MVC has for you,
they're couple of them that I've listed on the slide because
we're going to use each one of them to successively do
a demo in rest of the videos.
ThemeChangeInterceptor and LocaleChangeInterceptor
are used to intercept the value of theme and local,
local is a language.
So these values can be intercepted for every request
using either of these interceptors.
Of course, if you're not happy with the range
of interceptors that Spring MVC provides,
you can always write your custom interceptor
which should extend HandlerInterceptorAdapter class.
So once you extend that class,
you will have to provide a logic for preHandle, postHandle
and afterCompletion if necessary.
Now, we are going to do a demo for interceptors.
This is going to be quite a big demo and it is going to involve
a lot of steps.
So let's see the flow first and then we will get
to the steps.
So when you go on home page and you click on login,
we know that login jsp is displayed in HPlus.
Once you submit the login form, you have a login controller
which will capture that login data for us.
We have already established these components before
in HPlus application in our previous demos.
Once that happens now we are going
to establish another controller
which is called profile controller.
This controller will be responsible to retrieve
any user information from the session
or from the database if you want and then display that
to a profile jsp.
So this is the basic flow that you're going to set up
and since we of course are trying to deal with interceptors.
That's the one that you would write logging interceptor.
It's a custom Interceptor that we are going to code
for this HPlus application and that interceptor is going
to work between these flows.
So it is going to work when your login controller
gets called or it is going to work when the request
to your profile controller is made.
So this is going to be quite a big demo,
will just look at it patiently step by step.